doc(anta.cli): Update CLI environment variables table (#1087)
aristanetworks/anta: docs/cli/overview.md

Below are the environment variables usable with the `anta nrfu` command:

| Variable Name | Purpose | Required | Default |
| ------------- | ------- |----------| ------- |
| ANTA_USERNAME | The username to use in the inventory to connect to devices. |  Yes  | - |
| ANTA_PASSWORD | The password to use in the inventory to connect to devices. |  Yes  | - |
| ANTA_INVENTORY | The path to the inventory file. |  Yes  | - |
| ANTA_CATALOG | The path to the catalog file. |  Yes  | - |
| ANTA_ENABLE_PASSWORD | The optional enable password, when this variable is set, ANTA_ENABLE or `--enable` is required. |  No  | - |
| ANTA_ENABLE | Whether it is necessary to go to enable mode on devices. |  No  | False |
| ANTA_PROMPT | Prompt for passwords if they are not provided. |  No  | False |
| ANTA_TIMEOUT | The global timeout value for API calls. |  No  | 30.0 |
| ANTA_INSECURE | Whether or not using insecure mode when connecting to the EOS devices HTTP API. |  No  | False |
| ANTA_DISABLE_CACHE | A variable to disable caching for all ANTA tests (enabled by default). |  No  | False |

> | ANTA_INVENTORY_FORMAT | Format of the inventory file. JSON or YAML. |  No  | yaml |
> | ANTA_CATALOG_FORMAT | Format of the catalog file. JSON or YAML. |  No  | yaml |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ANTA_INVENTORY_FORMAT | Format of the inventory file. 'json' or 'yaml'. |  No  | yaml |
| ANTA_CATALOG_FORMAT | Format of the catalog file. 'json' or 'yaml'. |  No  | yaml |
```

> | ANTA_INVENTORY_FORMAT | Format of the inventory file. 'json' or 'yaml'. |  No  | yaml |
> | ANTA_CATALOG_FORMAT | Format of the catalog file. 'json' or 'yaml'. |  No  | yaml |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ANTA_INVENTORY_FORMAT | Format of the inventory file. `json` or `yaml`. |  No  | `yaml` |
| ANTA_CATALOG_FORMAT | Format of the catalog file. `json` or `yaml`. |  No  | `yaml` |
```
